Generalizing WFRC's Tool (#1)
agrc/housing-characteristics: README.md

## Inputs

The inventory requires specific data about each parcel. Most of this should be captured in the county's [Land Information Record](https://gis.utah.gov/data/cadastre/parcels/#UtahLIRParcels) (LIR) parcels. Depending on the county, you may need supplemental info from the county assessor.

It can be difficult to properly evaluate density and value information for condos, townhomes, and other planned unit developments that incorporate a common base property or open space. The inventory relies on a custom-created dataset containing all the properties that contribute to each "owned unit grouping." This will need to be created on a county-by-county basis.

The inventory also uses the statewide [address points dataset](https://gis.utah.gov/data/location/address-data/) to determine the number of units for multi-unit properties. Any non-residential unit addresses within a multi-family development or other owned unit grouping (apartment offices, clubhouses, etc) need to be marked as base addresses. If these are not marked in the statewide layer, we'll need an updated layer from the county.

> Finally, classification of mobile homes can be inconsistent sometimes. Some mobile home communities are owned as a single large parcel, while others can have each plot owned individually. The property class for these can also vary within a single community, making it hard to identify how mobile homes contribute to the overal housing mix. The inventory can use a custom-created mobile home community layer to ensure all mobile homes are classified properly.

Reviewer: **question**: how can the inventory use a custom created mobile home community layer?

Author: Reworded.

## Outputs

The housing unit inventory outputs its data to both feature class and CSV. It includes the following fields:

- **UNIT ID**: A unique identifier for each parcel (may be derived from parcel IDs)
- **TYPE**: `single_family` or `multi_family`.
- **SUBTYPE**: Comes from the common areas SUBTYPE field for owned unit groupings, is set manually for single family homes, or comes from `parcel_type` for single-parcel, multi-family parcels.
- **IS_OUG**: Whether the feature is an owned unit grouping with aggregated values. Either `1`/`Yes` or `0`/`No`

> - **UNIT_COUNT**: Number of units in the feautre. Set manually for single family homes and duplexes and for all others (owned unit groupings, mobile homes, multi-family) it uses theaddress point count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **UNIT_COUNT**: Number of units in the feature. Set manually for single family homes and duplexes and for all others (owned unit groupings, mobile homes, multi-family) it uses the address point count
```

> - **UNIT_COUNT**: Number of units in the feautre. Set manually for single family homes and duplexes and for all others (owned unit groupings, mobile homes, multi-family) it uses theaddress point count

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **UNIT_COUNT**: Number of units in the feature. Set manually for single family homes and duplexes and for all others (owned unit groupings, mobile homes, multi-family) it uses the address point count
```
